# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.49.0
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
distro==1.9.0
    # via anthropic
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
fastapi==0.115.11
    # via agentr (pyproject.toml)
fastapi-cli==0.0.7
    # via fastapi
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via mcp
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via fastapi
jiter==0.9.0
    # via anthropic
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain-anthropic==0.3.10
    # via agentr (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.45
    # via
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-mcp-adapters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-mcp-adapters==0.0.5
    # via agentr (pyproject.toml)
langgraph==0.3.16
    # via agentr (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.21
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.3
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.57
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.17
    # via
    #   agentr (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.3
    # via agentr (pyproject.toml)
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mcp==1.4.1
    # via
    #   agentr (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-mcp-adapters
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
orjson==3.10.15
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via mcp
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   mcp
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via fastapi
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.13.2
    # via fastapi-cli
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
sse-starlette==2.2.1
    # via mcp
starlette==0.46.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via langchain-core
typer==0.15.2
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   mcp
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   mcp
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.0.4
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
